feat(nextjs): Remove useAuth() error in DEV (#4588)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/spotty-eagles-applaud.md

---
'@clerk/nextjs': patch
---

> Removing hard error during build when useAuth() is not wrapped in <ClerkProvider dynamic />

Author: ```suggestion
Removing error in dev when useAuth() is not wrapped in <ClerkProvider dynamic />
```
